[MUSIC]
>> Scott: So we're just gonna
jump right in this because I'm so
excited to talk about react native,
it's pretty dope.
So you're like, Mark said I'm Scott.
Currently, I don't have a job,
just work for myself.
And I do things like and
hack open source for my homies.
And that's pretty much it I'm in
San Francisco, I do a lot of traveling and
stuff like that.
So this is gonna today of
course in React Native.
So I don't wanna kind of go over the
format of how I like to do the workshops
and just give everybody the letter
I know how that's gonna work.
So for
me like I don't really like slides but
I have slides here that
maybe the last minute.
For me, not for everybody else.
I just hate slides,
doesn't do a lot of live coding.
And a lot of back and forth discussion so
I see a lot of questions.
Try to stump me.
I want opportunity to learn
as much as I'm teaching you.
So a lot of back and
forth tons of questions being asked but
that being said you're gonna be
building an app, actually two app.
We're building two apps,
one today and one tomorrow.
I will be live coding on a separate
app to teach you the concepts and
then you'll apply to your applications
that you'll do on your own machine.
Cool?
All right, so I sent a link to the slides
in the chat if you wanna follow along.
But again mostly for
me I'll also, I'll actually
the other reason I want to do the slides
that I put the exercises on there.
Because I notice a lot of people actually
know what I'm supposed to do next.
Well the exercise will be over.
So you're just gonna look and see exactly
what you're doing on a current exercise.
Cool, any questions before
we get started just come in.
>> Speaker 2: Just a comment.
you have a super fan and
said in that attended all three courses.
>> Scott: Dope.
That's what I'm talking about then I can
number this instead of a cookie.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Scott: All right.
Let's us just get started
let's get right into it.
Okay.
Actually before we get started.
Has anybody had trouble with the hello
world tutorial on React Native?
It is imperative that you get that up and
running.
Like if you don't have that up and
running,
you're gonna run this, you just can't,
you can not do the course.
You can't do the course if you
don't have it pretty much.
>> Speaker 2: I think I
have everything installed.
I'm just not sure where to
like see the hello to see the.
>> Scott: Are you running on the emulator?
Do you have an emulator open?
>> Speaker 2: What?
No, I'm not sure.
>> Scott: Okay.
So you just run these commands whenever
you want, and it'll create that directory.
Got it. Yeah. Got it.
And then I can just see it.
Then you can see into that
directory in a little while.
Got it.
Okay.
All right, sweet.
I was let's start it so React Native.
So the whole premise of React Native and
this is from the react native team is that
they want you to be able to learn once and
build everywhere.
So that means is if you
know Reacts on the Web, you
can take what you know about Reacts and
apply it here to the Native.
It's not like build once,
have a word, they don't expect you to
like build one codebase in a word
there is not their philosophy.
They're just saying you
know react already so
building it again on native
is going to be different.
So it's not exactly going to be like I can
transfer my entire codebase over from my
react web app and place in React
native it'll just work not entirely.
Not the U I maybe some of the logic stuff.
So I think that's a really good approach
because your knowledge is transferable.
And you feel pretty powerful.
So react native is a platform.
It's not like a framework really, really
is a platform that allow you develop
native modules or
native applications using React.
So it's a pretty sweet platform.
Build native UIs with React components.
Who here has never used React?
>> Scott: Nice.
You gotta have a of learns today.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Scott: [LAUGH] A lot of learns.
Yeah ,so we're going to build native user
interfaces with react components which
you'll see.
If you ever develop natively with
like Objective C, Java or even Swift.
Yeah it's great but then like they
just don't compare to like react
components or- Many people aren't even
native developers Just one, all right.
Everybody here knows JavaScript though,
yeah?
Okay, all right.
Cool.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Scott: Gotta check.
All right, so yeah,
we're gonna be building native
UIs with the React components.
But creating the application logic
is literally just JavaScript,
just like we do on the Web.
So all this stuff you do on the Web as
far as Head of HTTP state management.
Mostly all the other stuff is literally
just going to record JavaScript and
I'd need another change.
So that's the code where
you probably could share
between environments between the web with
tween desktop if you use like electrons
between mobile web if you have a different
mobile website and also the native.
So that's the stuff that is going to be
sharable because it's just JavaScript.
It's not most of it's not tied to
the platform unless using like platform
specific API stuff we'll get into later.